Update config-as-code.mdx (#1316)
elementary-data/elementary: docs/features/config-as-code.mdx

icon: "code"
---

> When using test config-as-code, the configuration becomes a part of the development process that includes version control, continuous integration, and a review process. With Elementary, you can open pull requests to your dbt project by integrating it with the project code repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Elementary, all of your tests, their owners, tags and severity are all configured in the code.
When using test config-as-code, the configuration becomes a part of the development process that includes version control, continuous integration, and a review process. 
With Elementary Cloud, you can configure your tests in bulk from the UI and have pull requests opened for you to your dbt project!
```
